so attention with you all I'm on and we will crush
I'll show you guys
unique case very rare look
cell case such a four came here
my good friend we are together
to shoot
We worked together at the factory
tester a consequence write off and mean
then we explain the guys what 's the trouble
I come complain that the car is there
I'll gonna be gonna be starting
shoot dad nod well what have we become
began to observe something here
it doesn’t mean what we do first 3
Show light like this my remember
very good pistol 5 check
closed angle gave us 30 degrees
had a corner earned
Well, okay , the problem was not left only
charge the car I will show the problem
case unique
see see
all five degrees rovnenko and her kombat
look cones car she doesn't
amenable let's not cook
at
men take one and show
In short casket just opened I think
what else to do
I once again remove the wires
I'm starting to check the men and found
look here is a candle Ulyanovsk
I have to old- fashioned still Chinese
makes men look she insulator
cracked she just sews on the mass here
noticed music here she here now
here now look here now here walks
visibly 18 a.v.
Well, in short, the Chinese candle I remember them
buy even took from the Chinese network
surprised right everyone can do at least
your names are written want to be written
Sacred Porora want it we will write
Vladimir Putin want all want to write
watch music that's it now
change and we all pass this
devices of new clips if we are now
replace it I will try to return and
show all
salt and whether well here I will change a candle
the result is evident to the car exactly
everything works well here it is
Ulyanovsk candle but it is not being
candle after all
insulator concave because he unesque me juice
dream so naturally
Chayna's furniture
affairs
change it
and everything works fine
run away
show the hungry corner
everything ok all one hundred percent work so
its broth good against the grain hill